RateLimit documentation fixes July 2020 (#238)
percona/psmdb-docs: source/rate-limit.rst

and reduce overhead by sampling queries.
Slow queries ignore rate limiting and are always collected by the profiler.

Comparing to "sampleRate" option
================================

> The sampleRate option (= slowOpSampleRate_ config file option) is a similar
> concept to rateLimit. But it works at different profile level, completely 
> ignores ops faster than slowOpsThresholdMs (a.k.a. slowMs), and affects the 
> log file printing too. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``sampleRate`` option (= slowOpSampleRate_ config file option) is a similar
concept to ``rateLimit``. But it works at different profile level, completely 
ignores ops faster than ``slowOpsThresholdMs`` (a.k.a. ``slowMs``), and affects the 
log file printing too. 
```

Author: lgtm

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * -
     - sampleRate
     - rateLimit
   * - Affects profiling level 1
     - yes
     - no
   * - Affects profiling level 2
     - no
     - yes
   * - Discards/filters slow ops 
     - yes
     - no
   * - Discards/filters fast ops 
     - no
     - yes
   * - Affects log file 
     - yes
     - no
   * - Example value of option
     - 0.02
     - 50
     

> rateLimit is a better way to have continual profiling for monitoring or live
> analysis purposes. sampleRate requires setting slowOpsThresholdMs to zero if
> you wanted to sample all types of ops, and has an effect on the log file
> which may decrease or increase log volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``rateLimit`` is a better way to have continuous profiling for monitoring or live
analysis purposes. ``sampleRate`` requires setting slowOpsThresholdMs to zero if
you want to sample all types of operations. ``sampleRate`` has an effect on the log file
which may either decrease or increase the log volume.
```

Author: The new "It" at the start of the last sentence becomes a bit unclear - is it rateLimit or sampleRate.

Suggest that "sampleRate" be repeated if ", and" is being removed.

Reviewer: Agree
